Robinhood { Facts and Opinion}
Facts: My account has been getting HIT on and off again for about a YEAR. 
Told staff over 20+ times. Reported how I believed it is happening.
How it is happening: During Pre and Post Market, my price limits change. Buy a share, next 3%+ higher then Market Price.
Sell a Share and Be up 15% then end up owing .50
Which we all know its probably two different tool's doing this.
i once again tell staff about these Problems. Once again tell me its not possible.
Now same thing happens to My Girls account.
First she gets locked out, cant access it from HTTP or HTTP/2
Then more unusual activity, not updating.
I watch several different agencies at Once. They are always correct, HOOD is off. Maybe java built over it, in it, or in my device.

Now with everything else I know that is going on in this community. Constant IP attacking, my systems getting hit brute force on SSH.
My internet getting deauthed. My calls and texts getting stopped Only to My Girl.
Her phone constantly Acting UP.
Hours getting changed, which its all fraud with her work.
People knowing my conversations, knowing I never told them a Single Thing.
A fake letter getting sent to my house on a Sunday, talking about a Oracle insurance and Cyber Security Experts. Like GTFO
I am certified in Reverse Engineering 
Basing off patterns, known activities this is a local source doing this, perhaps they are extorting my girl maybe or she might not know.
Now with Robinhood, I told staff of everything, but now im about to use the GitHub Bug Tracker. They will make a mistake,
Ill capitalize on it.
But the reason on this HOOD did absolutely NOTHING. Not knowing im a Cyber Security Specialist.
Then driving at times, coincidence or not. Drivers will pull to random places, like WTF? Both companies on my suite and potential Rumor has it, that they talked to Key witnesses on me, tried to slander my Name. Cant do that cus im a Honest Bee. Put all of this together,
could be separate attacks, or all linked together. It all happened at the same time.
Text messages of mine getting proxied to my contacts but all at once.
Local Spyware, but still a Open on HOOD, cus they could've added a Rate limter, more sanitizers, or EVEN LISTENEDED.
FACTS